gh-140727: Restructure profiling documentation for PEP 799 (#142373)
python/cpython: Doc/library/profiling.rst

+--------------------+------------------------------+------------------------------+
| **Accuracy**       | Statistical estimate         | Exact call counts            |
+--------------------+------------------------------+------------------------------+
| **Output formats** | pstats, flamegraph, heatmap, | pstats                       |
|                    | gecko, collapsed             |                              |
+--------------------+------------------------------+------------------------------+
| **Profiling modes**| Wall-clock, CPU, GIL         | Wall-clock                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------+------------------------------+
| **Special frames** | GC, native (C extensions)    | N/A                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------+------------------------------+
| **Attach to PID**  | Yes                          | No                           |
+--------------------+------------------------------+------------------------------+

When to Use Statistical Sampling
--------------------------------

The statistical profiler (:mod:`profiling.sampling`) is recommended for most

> performance analysis tasks. Use it the same way you would use ``cProfile``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performance analysis tasks. Use it the same way you would use
:mod:`profiling.tracing`::
```
